Appendicies
======

These files contain all of the wordlists used in each experiment. 

###Experiment 1a Data Structure

The wordlist for experiment 1a takes the form:

CUE | DOMINANT TARGET | SUBORDINATE TARGET | DOMINANT UNREL TARGET | SUBORDINATE UNREL TARGET

There is an unrelated target matched along length and word frequency to the dominant and subordinate target, respectively. For all three experiments, word frequency refers to the log base 10 of SUBTLWF ([subtitle frequency: word form frequency](http://expsy.ugent.be/subtlexus/)).

The dominant target is a word sharing the most-produced meaning of the homograph as given by the [University of South Florida Free Association Norms](http://web.usf.edu/FreeAssociation/). The subordinate target similarly is a word sharing the least-produced meaning of the homograph. Both dominant and subordinate targets are themselves unambiguous words.

Cues are all homographs with two distinct noun meanings.

###Experiment 1b Data Structure

For Experiment 1b, the file takes the form:

CUE | DOMINANT TARGET | SUBORDINATE TARGET | UNRELATED TARGET

The cue, dominant target, and subordinate target are all identical to those in Experiment 1a. The unrelated target was generated by averaging the lengths and LgSUBTLWF of the dominant and subordinate cue and matching an unrelated unambiguous word along those two measures for each cue. There were no significant differences among the unrelated items across any condition for Experiment 1a.

###Experiment 2 Data Structure

HOMOGRAPH TYPE | HOMOGRAPH BIAS | CUE | DOMINANT TARGET | SUBORDINATE TARGET | UNRELATED

Homograph type refers to the parts of the speech of the two meanings of the homograph: we used either NN (two noun meanings) or NV (two verb meanings). Homograph bias indicates the part of speech of the dominant meaning of the homograph. This is left blank for NN homographs.

The dominant and subordinate targets are generated in the same way as described above. The unrelated target is generated using the same method as described in Experiment 1a.
